feat: Add separate project templates page into docs #1947 (#1951)
h2oai/wave: website/docs/project-templates.md

---
title: "Project templates"
---

> We prepared some useful templates for you to boost your start with the Wave app development. Just use `wave init` command and pick the one you like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wave comes with useful app templates to boost the app development startup time. Use `wave init` CLI command and pick the one you like or use `w_app_<template-name>` code snippet coming with the [IDE plugins](https://wave.h2o.ai/docs/development/#using-pycharm).
```

> ![template-wave-init](assets/template-wave-init.gif)

Reviewer: Let's reuse the existing gif - https://wave.h2o.ai/blog/release-0.24/#wave-init-cli.
